
1.Create public synonym sh.sales in the PDBPROD1 database, name sales1

2. Create a physical standby database:

   (1) PROD5 in the host01 as the Primary, SID is PROD5, DB_UNIQUE_NAME set to PROD5H1
   (2) PROD5 in teh host02 as a standby database, SID is PROD5, DB_UNIQUE_NAME set PROD5H2
   (3) The directory objects should exist in the primary and standby
   (4) Can be connected standby database using the following method, connect sys/oracle@PROD5H2 as sysdba, should be the dedicated mode
   (5) When the global temporary tables standby database were DML, minimizing the generation of Red


3. Configure a physical standby database for testing

  (1) Configuration PROD5 physical standby database for testing, you can DML and transaction processing


4. Configure a physical standby database for reporting and Redo Apply

  (1) Configure the physical standby database can be used for Reporting Services, make sure it is in open mode
  (2) When the configuration restoration log reaches the standby database for application immediately
  (3) Reduce the load standby database when incremental backup
  (4) archived log deletion policy: When the backup archive logs after the database application is complete, it can be deleted in the Primary database

5. Automatic management

 (1) Automatic failover for use host02 Observer. Make sure that is configured for synchronous
 (2) The physical standby database to acknowledge receipt of redo only when it can guarantee that when applying redo.
 (3) When the physical standby database to receive redo when more than 30 seconds, it should issue a warning, regardless of which database is standby database.
 (4) When the redo Not physical standby database applications within 45 seconds, an alarm should be issued, regardless of which database is standby database.

6. Perform switching:

  (1) Switching database roles, so that the Primary runs on host02, standby database running on host01
  (2) The new Primary must be open read write mode
  (3) The new standby database must be open read only mode, and can apply log


7. Sequence

  (1) Create a sequence SEQ1, ensure that the Primary equipment can be used. Sequence starting from 1, incremented by 1 in the configuration of this value must be unique. This sequence should produce minimal performance overhead and maintained in memory.
  (2) Create a sequence SEQ2, for global temporary tables. Its value must be unique at the session level, but different sessions may be allowed to repeat.
